Fa/develop app access 622 (#1362)
Shopify/shopify-api-ruby: docs/usage/oauth.md

- [Performing OAuth](#performing-oauth-1)
  - [Token Exchange](#token-exchange)

>   - [Authorization Code Grant Flow](#authorization-code-grant-flow)

Reviewer: Should we remove Flow from Auth Code Grant (separate change)?

Author: should I include that change in this PR?

    - OAuth flow that requires the app to redirect the user to Shopify for installation/authorization of the app to access the shop's data.
    - Suitable for non-embedded apps
    - Installations, and access scope changes are managed by the app
3. [Client Credentials Grant](#client-credentials-grant)

>     - Suitable for backend apps without UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Suitable for apps without a UI
```

    - Doesn't require user interaction in the browser

>     - Access scopes can be configured either in the Developer Dashboard when creating an app version or in your app's [TOML configuration file](https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/build/cli-for-apps/app-configuration#access_scopes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Access scope changes are handled by [Shopify managed installation](https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/auth/installation#shopify-managed-installation)
```

      - Triggering and redirecting user to **begin** OAuth flow
    - [Callback Controller](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_app/blob/main/app/controllers/shopify_app/callback_controller.rb)
      - Creating / storing sessions to **complete** the OAuth flow

> - [Client Credentials](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_app/blob/main/lib/shopify_app/auth/client_credentials.rb)

Reviewer 2: We aren't adding this flow to the  `shopify_app` gem are we?

  end
end
```
⚠️ You can see a concrete example in the `ShopifyApp` gem's [CallbackController](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_app/blob/main/app/controllers/shopify_app/callback_controller.rb).

### Client Credentials Grant

> [!NOTE]

> > You should consider using the client credentials grant only when building apps for your own organization.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> You can only use the client credentials grant when building apps for your own organization.
```
